Custom Android apps guide (#49206)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/deploy-custom-android-app-apk.md

To deploy custom Android apps, you'll publish them as private apps in the Google Play Console, making them available only to your organization through Android Enterprise.

> > Google is removing support for `.apk` packages in the Googe Play Console. As of 2026-07-13 the Fleet team was still able to upload `.apk` packages. To prepare, learn how to [build an Android App Bundle (`.aab`)](https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle/test).

Author: ```suggestion
> Google is removing support for `.apk` packages in the Googe Play Console. As of 2026-07-13 the Fleet team was only able to update an existing `.apk` packages. For new packages, learn how to [build an Android App Bundle (`.aab`)](https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle/test).
```

> > Google is removing support for `.apk` packages in the Googe Play Console. As of 2026-07-13 the Fleet team was only able to update an existing `.apk` packages. For new packages, learn how to [build an Android App Bundle (`.aab`)](https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle/test).

Author: ```suggestion
> Google is removing support for `.apk` packages in the Googe Play Console. As of 2026-07-13 the Fleet team was only able to update existing `.apk` packages. For new packages, learn how to [build an Android App Bundle (`.aab`)](https://developer.android.com/guide/app-bundle/test).
```
